In this course, I'm going to demonstrate multiple solar winds, applications, including network performance
monitor or NPM, Kiwi Syslog server, Kiwi CatTools, and others that may be of interest to you.
Please give feedback if there's any tool that you'd like to add to the course.
But before we get into the demonstrations, it's important that you understand the protocols that these
applications rely on to manage the network.
So you need a knowledge of protocol such as ICMP, SNMP or Simple Network Management Protocol, SNMP
Traps, Syslog and WMI, these protocols enable applications such as NPM to access devices in GNS3
or in a production topology and to extract information from those devices.
So it's important that you, as a network engineer or network manager, have an understanding of these
protocols.
If you already know what SNMP is or what Syslog is feel free to skip ahead, but in this video, I'm
going to discuss some of these protocols.